{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c91373;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19720\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 www.versafont.com\cf0 \
\

\fs48 Well. Hello there\'85
\fs24 \
\
I knew you wouldn\'92t be able to resit opening this.\
\
How did I know?\
\
Because you and I are very similar\'85\
\
We don\'92t plat by the rules.\
\

\f1\b we create our own rules. \
\

\f0\b0 The VERSA font is similar to us.\
Never has there been such an easy to use a 3D layered font.\
It\'92s redefined what a font family can be. \
\
I\'92d like to 
\f1\b \cf2 reward you
\f0\b0 \cf0  for being your rebellious self with an exclusive discount.\
\
Here\'92s a very special discount for the full VERSA font family: \cf3 REBEL\cf0 \
\
It\'92s the 
\f1\b \cf2 biggest discount
\f0\b0 \cf0  I\'92ve EVER offered on a font (and ever will offer)\
\
Do you want to see how big the discount is?\

\f1\b \

\f0\b0 Then use the code on the official font website.\
\
www.versafont.com\
\
\
\'97\
\
\
Below is all the boring agreements you\'92ve made by downloading this file. \
\
But knowing you\'85 you won\'92t bother to read it. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 End User License Agreement\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Standard License Agreement
\f3\b0 \
\
JAMES LEWIS FONT LICENSE AGREEMENT\
By installing James Lewis\'92 fonts, you are agreeing to the terms of this license.\
1. The font file downloaded can be used freely by the downloader in creative and commercial projects.\
3. James Lewis fonts may not be copied or duplicated in any form except for backup purposes. James Lewis fonts or documentation may not be rented, leased, sublicensed or lent to another person or entity without explicit authorization granted by James Lewis.\
4. James Lewis fonts may only be returned if defective. Defective fonts shall be replaced by the same fonts, albeit functional, if accompanied with purchase receipt and James Lewis is notified within one hundred days of purchase.\
5. Any outline, EPS file, illustration, or anything derived from James Lewis\'92 fonts must be used according to the original licensing terms. This means, for example, that any modified James Lewis font, or any outline information derived from any James Lewis font is still licensed for the same number of devices as the original and may not be sublicensed, given away, or sold without written permission from James Lewis.\
6. This license does permit the embedding of James Lewis\'92 fonts in digital documents.\
7. The user of James Lewis\'92 fonts agrees to credit James Lewis as the trademark and copyright owner of the James Lewis\'92 fonts and list the font names, wherever and whenever type design, production, or any other related credits are shown.\
8. Any violation by licensee of this agreement shall cause this license to be terminated. In the event of termination, and without limiting any other remedies which may be available against you, you must immediately return the fonts to James Lewis and certify that no copies remain in your possession or exist on the originally licensed site.\
9. James Lewis makes no warranties express or implied as to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or otherwise. Without limiting the aforementioned, James Lewis shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, including damages from loss of business profits, business interruption, and loss of business information, arising out of the use or inability to use James Lewis fonts.\
10. Multi-device License Upgrade Schedule:\
James Lewis fonts are automatically licensed for use with 2 output devices in conjunction with a maximum of 2 CPUs. Each location and/or entity must purchase a separate license, starting with the first device. The upgrade price is calculated as a percentage of the original price of the font(s). The following is cumulative:\
3rd to 5th printer with 8 to 40 CPUs: add 50 percent for each printer or each 2 CPUs \uc0\u8232 5th to 15th printer with 41 to 100 CPUs: add 20 percent for each printer or each 2 CPUs \u8232 16th to 50th printer with 101 to 250 CPUs: add 10 percent for each printer or each 2 CPUs \u8232 51st printer and over with 251 CPUs and over: add 5 percent for each printer or each 2 CPUs\
If your usage exceeds the number of CPUs for a given output device category, you must purchase the upgrade with the applicable number of CPUs. Special site or project licensing discounts may be obtained by contacting James Lewis at 07548676590 or emailing jamesllewis@outlook.com\
For further information on licensing, James Lewis may be contacted at the following information:\
James Lewis\uc0\u8232 Email: jamesllewis@outlook.com\u8232 Web: \cf4 \ul \ulc4 www.jamesllewis.com\cf0 \ulnone \
}